README.md, before:

# Java Best Practices

This application perform following task:
  - File creation and insert data inside file.
  - Convert Date to XMLGregorianCalendar.
  - List declared methods and members of class using reflection.
  - Access private member's value without using getter setter.
  - Overload main method.
  - main method execution order.
  - Encryption and Decryption of string using AES algorithm using encryption key.
  - Load multiple properties file in single property instance.
  - Sort HashMap by it's value.
  - Lambda Expression(Java 8) Demonstration. **$**
  - Lambda Expression, demonstrate for each loop. **$**
  - Demonstrate Functional Interface. **$**
  - Demonstrate Nashorn JavaScript Engine. **$**
  - Demonstrate Sort Map By Key. **$**
  - Demonstrate Sort Map By Value in Reverse Order. **$**
  - Demonstrate Stream API. **$**
  - Demonstrate Date Time API. **$**
  - Demonstrate Stream API to convert primitive array to List element. **$**
  - Demonstrate to Convert ArrayList to Array.

**Note: $ at the end of line means it requires Java 8 to run that feature.**

For further Query or Found any Issue Please Contact:

**Email: info.keyurbhatt@gmail.com**

**Skype: kurbhatt**

Commit message:

Actions: 1. added class to demonstrate the conversion of CSV to List.
Commit: 015

README.md, after:

# Java Best Practices

This application perform following task:
  - File creation and insert data inside file.
  - Convert Date to XMLGregorianCalendar.
  - List declared methods and members of class using reflection.
  - Access private member's value without using getter setter.
  - Overload main method.
  - main method execution order.
  - Encryption and Decryption of string using AES algorithm using encryption key.
  - Load multiple properties file in single property instance.
  - Sort HashMap by it's value.
  - Lambda Expression(Java 8) Demonstration. **$**
  - Lambda Expression, demonstrate for each loop. **$**
  - Demonstrate Functional Interface. **$**
  - Demonstrate Nashorn JavaScript Engine. **$**
  - Demonstrate Sort Map By Key. **$**
  - Demonstrate Sort Map By Value in Reverse Order. **$**
  - Demonstrate Stream API. **$**
  - Demonstrate Date Time API. **$**
  - Demonstrate Stream API to convert primitive array to List element. **$**
  - Demonstrate to Convert ArrayList to Array.
  - Demonstrate to Convert Comma Separated Value to List element. **$**

**Note: $ at the end of line means it requires Java 8 to run that feature.**

For further Query or Found any Issue Please Contact:

**Email: info.keyurbhatt@gmail.com**

**Skype: kurbhatt**
